Now that we had a look about the core topics
of this course, Angular 2 and NodeJS,
and how to connect both, I wanna show you how
we will walk through this course,
and how you may take this course.
Right now, we're getting started here
and we will in the next video set up the basic project
with which we're going to work throughout the course.
In the next course module, I'll have a refresher on NodeJS.
If you feel confident in NodeJS
and you're not interested in that,
feel free to skip because I do attach the latest version
of this overarching course project,
which we're going to build, at the end
and beginning of each course module.
At the beginning, the latest stage of the last module,
and at the end, the latest version
of the module you just were in.
So you're free to skip to any module you wanna skip to.
The same is true for the MongoDB Basics module
which follows the NodeJS module.
Here, I'll introduce you to the basics about MongoDB,
how to create our models, and so on.
If you're not interested in that,
feel free to skip that, too.
Thereafter, time to understand the basics
about Angular 2 and build the front end
of our course project.
Again, we're building an overarching project
throughout all these modules, so definitely jump in here
to understand how we build the front end.
Thereafter, finally time to connect Angular 2 and NodeJS.
So here you will see how we will create
this connexion I showed you in the last lecture on slides.
Thereafter, I wanna explain how we could
implement authentication, which means
how do we protect certain parts of our application
when building such a Angular 2 plus NodeJS app.
And then it's time to understand how we could handle errors.
Sometimes not everything goes how it should,
or maybe the user tried to sign up
and entered some invalid data.
Here you will see an example approach
and how we can handle errors thrown by the server
on our Angular 2 front end.
After this module, we'll have the finished application
of this course, but I won't stop there.
I also want to show you how we can optimise
this app further.
For example, by adding lazy loading to only load parts
of this application if we really need them,
and then how we can bundle them
and use Angular 2's ahead of time compilation
to shrink the bundle size.
Well, and once we have done this,
it's time to deploy this application
and see it run on the web and we will deploy to Heroku
and Amazon web services.
Finally, I will provide you an example project
which we'll set up in the next video.
If you want to build your own project,
or want to understand how this example project
was built by me, I've got an extra module
where I do explain just that.
Where we will build this C project from scratch.
Can't wait to dive deeper into that.
Let's start.